These Intermediary Guidelines of compliance statement is in compliance with section 79 of I.T.Act, 2000, and its rules namely The Information Technology (Intermediary Guidelines) Rules, 2011. This statement applies to all users of edukaan app/web (including its integrated systems). By using this App/web you agree and acknowledge to be bound by terms of this statement. References in these Terms to “we” or “us” are references to edukaan app/web and “you” as users of edukaan app/web.

Purpose of intermediary compliance
The issue of intermediary compliance is extremely crucial for edukaan app/web which is committed to safeguarding the information provided by its members (registered users) and other visitors (unregistered users) as well safeguarding interest of various government agencies.

Terms of statement
(1) As per rules of I.T.Act, 2000, we at edukaan app/web (intermediary) have published the rules and regulations, privacy policy and user agreement for access or usage of the edukaan app computer resource by any person.

(2) As per Such rules and regulations, terms and conditions or user agreement, we hereby inform you not to host, display, upload, modify, publish, transmit, update or share any information that, –

(a) belongs to another person and to which the user does not have any right to;

(b) is grossly harmful, blasphemous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic including child pornography, pedophilic, libelous, invasive of another’s privacy, hateful or racially, ethnically objectionable, dispersing, relating or encouraging money laundering or gambling or otherwise unlawful in any manner whatever;

(c) Harms minors in any way;

(d) Infringes any patent, trademark, copyright or other proprietary rights;

(e) Violates any law for the time being in force;

(f) Deceives or misleads the address about the origin of such messages or communicates any information which is grossly offensive or menacing in nature;

(g) Impersonates another person;

(h) Contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer resource;

(i) Threatens the unity, integrity, defense, security or sovereignty of India, friendly relations with foreign states, or public order or causes incitement to the commission of any cognizable offence or is insulting any other nation.

(3) We at edukaan agree that we shall not knowingly host or publish any information or shall not initiate the transaction, select the receiver or transmission and select or modify the information contained in the transmission as specified in clause 2.

(4) We at edukaan agree that upon obtaining knowledge by itself or been brought to actual knowledge by an affected person in writing or through email signed with electronic signature about any such information as mentioned in clause 2 above, have established the system to act within thirty six hours and where applicable, work with user of such information to disable such information that is in contravention of clause 2. Further, we agree to preserve such information and associated records for at least ninety days for investigation purposes.

(5) By this statement, we at edukaan are informing you that in case of non – compliance of with rules and regulations, user agreement and privacy policy for access or usage, we may terminate the access or usage rights of the users on our app and remove non – compliant information.

(6) We at edukaan agree and acknowledge that when required by lawful order, we will provide information or any such assistance to various Government Agencies who are lawfully authorized for investigative, protective, cyber security activity. The information or any such assistance shall be provided for the purpose of verification of identity, or for prevention, detection, investigation, prosecution, cyber security incidences and punishment of offences under any law for the time being in force, on a request in writing stating clearly the purpose of seeking such information or any such assistance.

(7) We at edukaan agree and acknowledge that we have implemented all reasonable measures to secure our computer resource and information contained therein following the reasonable security practices and procedures as prescribed in Information Technology (Reasonable Security Practices and Procedures and Sensitive Personal Information) Rules, 2011. You agree and acknowledge that our security controls (as listed in privacy policy) shall be termed as reasonable security practices in case of any uncontrollable security attacks.

(8) We at edukaan agree to share cyber security incidents related information with the Indian Computer Emergency Response Team of India (CERT-IN) as and when requested by authorized representative of CERT-IN.

(9) We at edukaan agree that we shall not knowingly deploy or install or modify the technical configuration of computer resource or become party to any such act which may change or has the potential to change the normal course of operation of the computer resource than what it is supposed to perform thereby circumventing any law for the time being in force. Provided that we may develop, produce, distribute or employ technical means for the sole purpose of performing the acts of securing the computer resource and information contained therein.

(10) We declare that our Grievance Officer shall redress the complaints within one month from the date of receipt of complaint. Affected parties and Govt. authorities are requested to use below information for any grievances.

Designation: Grievance Officer, edukaan

Contact email: grievance@edukaan.in

Our Process of grievance handling:
Step1: Send email stating facts on our contact email.

Step2: We will send you reply for more details.

Step3: Provide more details and e-evidences to support your facts.

Step4: Grievance Resolution.